the brazilian face guardian and gil is
Good, we 'll play both exits there.
Let's see, we did a representation of the
our country
I see a lot of way out and still a lot but it's
a very rich country full of beaches
Wonderful women
the blood ball pro page only that has the
rulers who do everything wrong and
left as naval
many people become victims of this
situation so we see some
people are not serious if you just call
He's just injured, not just
with an abortion
always talking about leaving the place where
I was out of my reach, say I already paid
is with her partner andré carnaúba
cargo gaúcha
the cosmetics trade believe more
This co and the worldwide woman kiss kiss
in the mouth did not leave the zero in the middle
I do not see anything being anyways
would not think normal
the police say I already said a lot
I do not care about this better.
friend who is now also owner of the
pick up but it will provoke can stay all
I go against the pitching turn
that you can you will know the time
opponent is the male calls his times
you can you do know but let's think
of the year just in front of you can you
You'll know how much you know but the victory alone.
will not play to win
I love the actor can not stand seeing made him a
Theme to get to the baiana area
Come with me, look at yourself.
You have to talk, I've never had a chance.
It was me who said I was out of my
reach day that agreement is as I like it
the guiana or the soul of little hard
without any interest is how people
Believe but the day is over, will play
It would be sent back to the past
play again I do the bullet
Kiss kiss, I do not even know what it is, it's not
just as young eron
I see who's with the truth is
All in the butt
the police of rondônia cause much
complete the round
I adore, I love, I adore.
the I can read your text the
problem is the system that has to change
you can not stop rotating or otherwise not
so does not change the youth nor
to be related
have to come together
the abuse of child labor
ignorance only to reduce hope
the tv what they talk about the young not
seriously moves
the one that never